Attack fighter
The Dragon Warlord of Shura
Great Xia has few masters of Dragon Transformation Sword
I didn't expect him to have a light soul
I miss you as soon as Shura comes out
Bloodstained
It must be bloody tonight
Such a lively scene
Why didn't anyone notify me?
You came uninvited
Is it inappropriate?
The whole lower middle is my turf
Where am I going to need a gunshot at you?
But you still have to figure it out
Now I'm the installed governor
You also deserve
You have been seriously injured in order to fight the exotic beast Hu Jiao
You are just an illusion at this moment
Let resistance
You don't
You can't hold the position of lower-middle governor
All heard
Who will go up and slap Qin Jing now?
The 1 billion on this card is his
how
Do you think the money is too little or you look down on me?
I come hehehe police god
I'll come, hahaha.
You have great potential to be a pug.
Wow wow wow haha hey yes
Jing Jiashen, this
I put a lot of effort into getting it.
Poor wife's hair
It is said that it has the effect of prolonging life
Please put it away.
Isn't that nice?
Have a heart
Although Qiongqi's hair and inner alchemy are very different
But it's enough for me to be stronger for the last time
I'll take it, you little brother
Talking about business, the money is also lost
Is it time to figure it out?